docs: Add 9.0 TBS breaking changes (#16221)
elastic/apm-server: docs/release-notes/breaking-changes.md

To use the new disk usage threshold check, set the `sampling.tail.storage_limit` to `0` (the default value).
::::

::::{dropdown} Tail-based sampling database files from 8.x are ignored
Due to a change in underlying tail-based sampling database, the 8.x database files are ignored when running APM Server 9.0+.

**Impact**<br>There is a limited, temporary impact around the time when an upgrade happens. Any locally stored events awaiting tail sampling decision before upgrading to 9.0 will effectively be ignored, as if their traces are unsampled. If there are many APM Server making tail sampling decisions, it may result in broken traces.

**Action**<br>No action needed. There is no impact on traces ingested after upgrade.
::::

::::{dropdown} Old tail-based sampling database files from 8.x consume unnecessary disk space
As tail-based sampling database files from version 8.x are now ignored and consume unnecessary disk space, some files can be deleted to reclaim disk space.
It does not affect Elastic Cloud Hosted, as storage is automatically cleaned up by design.

**Impact**<br>Unnecessary disk usage, except for Elastic Cloud Hosted users.

> **Action**<br>To clean up the unnecessary files, first identify APM Server data path, configured via `path.data`, which is also usually printed with "Data path: " in APM Server logs on startup. Let environment variable `PATH_DATA` as the data path. The files that should be deleted are `KEYREGISTRY`, `LOCK`, `MANIFEST`, `*.vlog`, `*.sst` under `$PATH_DATA/tail_sampling/`. Do not delete other files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Action**<br>To clean up the unnecessary files, first identify APM Server data path, configured via `path.data`, which is also usually printed with "Data path: " in APM Server logs on startup. Assuming the environment variable `PATH_DATA` is the data path for TBS we identified above, the files that should be deleted are `KEYREGISTRY`, `LOCK`, `MANIFEST`, `*.vlog`, `*.sst` under `$PATH_DATA/tail_sampling/`. Do not delete other files.
```

**nit**: Maybe a bit more readable - ignore if you don't think it is.

Author: it was the math training
